NARRATOR: Continuing their
journey to Snowbelle City, site
of Ash's eighth Gym badge
challenge, our heroes are
exploring a
nearby Pokémon Center.
CLEMONT: You know, I'd like to
see what's going on with Ash and
Greninja. I say
it's time for an analysis.
CLEMONT: The future
is now, thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/PIKACHU/DEDEN
NE: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: Clembot?!
BONNIE: So cute!
CLEMONT: My new revo‐
lutionary analysis machine.
CLEMONT: I call it Clembot Mini.
SQUISHY: [AMUSED]
CLEMONT: All right,
Clembot Mini,
the results of the analysis,
please.
CLEMONT: Up until now, Greninja
has shown changes three times.
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: We also know those
changes have occurred only when
a battle is taking place.
And during those battles,
Greninja's appearance seems to
resemble Ash. I believe that
this is most likely deeply
related to a psychological
element between the two of them.
BONNIE: Psychological?
CLEMONT: That's right. In other
words, it's a mental change.
And because they have the same
responses, how they react and
move starts to look alike.
SERENA: This is just like the
thing Olympia told us, right?
OLYMPIA: Its power will become
greater and greater. However,
I do know this. It will reach
new heights that no one has ever
seen before! And the
two of you will reach those
new heights together.
CLEMONT: That's it! That's
what Olympia's prediction was
referring to!
SERENA: Also, Olympia told you
that Greninja
was trying toearn your love.
OLYMPIA: However, what this
Froakie was yearning for was
something much deeper.
OLYMPIA: I have a word for that.
That word is love!
SERENA: So, maybe that's
the reason for all the changes.
CLEMONT: Sawyer did say Pokémon
and Trainers with deep bonds
begin to look alike.
Maybe that's what could be
happening to you!
CLEMONT: So, I think it's
time to prove my hypothesis!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: Hey, what's this?
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: I'll show you!
Clemontic Gear, on!
BONNIE: Yay, part two!
CLEMONT: I call
them Battle Pulse Meters!
ASH: Battle Pulse Meters?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: That's correct. They
collect and display changes,
inbrain waves, heart rate,
and other data during battle.
CLEMONT: Any changes Greninja
experiences are recorded,
as well as how they're
reflected in you, Ash.
ASH: Then let's give
it all we've got! You ready?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: The time has come.
Battling research, begin!
LUXRAY: [ELECTRIC TERRAIN MOVE]
CLEMONT:
There's no holding back, Ash!
ASH: Hey, I never do!
ASH: Greninja, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Thunder Fang, NOW!
LUXRAY: [THUNDER FANG MOVE]
GRENINJA: [EXERTIONS]
ASH: That was a strong move!
CLEMONT: Wait till you see this!
Luxray, use Wild Charge!
LUXRAY: [WILD CHARGE MOVE]
ASH: Greninja, Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
LUXRAY: [WILD CHARGE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [IMPACTS]
ASH:
Now, Greninja, use Aerial Ace!
LUXRAY: [SHOCKED]
GRENINJA: [PAINED IMPACT]
LUXRAY: [GROWLING LAND]
CLEMONT:
That was an excellent move.
SERENA: Oh wow! Ash
and Greninja are really tuned
in to each other!
NURSE JOY:
Welcome to the Pokémon Center!
WIGGLYTUFF: [GREETING]
GRENINJA/LUXRAY: [STRUGGLING]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
LUXRAY: [STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT: Time out, time out!
CLEMONT:
I'm not seeing any changes.
ASH: I guess it doesn't happen
all the time. Neither of us has
any idea what makes it happen.
Right, Greninja?
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Maybe
there's a piece of critical
information we're overlooking
SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ALAIN: Whenever we meet, you're
in the middle of a battle. Hi!
ASH: Hey, Alain!
ALAIN: Interesting
device you're wearing.
ASH: Yeah! We're trying
to figure out what's up with
Greninja's power!
BONNIE: But it looks
like it won't happen today.
CLEMONT: There must
be something we're missing.
ASH: That's it! Let's
you and I have a battle, Alain!
CLEMONT: That would be great!
Then I can concentrate
on the data!
ALAIN: Right! I was hoping
to battle Greninja again.
CLEMONT: So, in that case...
CLEMONT: Thanks for
helping out, Luxray. Return!
ASH:
Take a little rest, Greninja!
NURSE JOY: Put them right here.
ASH: Thanks!
CLEMONT: Thanks!
NURSE JOY:
I'll take good care of them.
ASH: All right, Alain, what do
you want to do while we wait?
ALAIN: I'm not sure.
ASH: You must have some other
Pokémon with you
besides Charizard, right?
ALAIN: Yeah. In fact I do.
ASH: Then let's have a battle
until Greninja's rested and all
ready to go!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ALAIN: You're on.
ASH: Noivern! I choose you!
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED] [ANNOYED]
ASH: Sorry, buddy. I wanted
to give Noivern a turn, too.
PIKACHU: [POUTING]
SERENA: Noivern! Good luck!
BONNIE: Battle hard!
ALAIN: Metang, let's go!
METANG: [APPEARING]
ASH: A Metang
POKEDEX: Metang. The Iron Claw
Pokémon, and the evolved form of
Beldum. Metang is created
from the union of two Beldum.
When its two brains are
joined together, its psychic
power is increased.
CLEMONT: Metang is a powerful
Pokémon.
It will be a formidable opponent
no matter who it battles!
BONNIE:
It looks strong, all right
ASH: 'Kay, ern, let's GO!
NOIVERN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: All right then!
Battlebegin!
ASH: Now, use Acrobatics!
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
ALAIN: All right, Metal Claw!
METANG: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
ALAIN: Psyshock, let's go!
ASH: Noivern, Boomburst!
METANG: [PSYSHOCK MOVE]
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
SERENA:
Noivern's still battling hard
ASH: Supersonic!
NOIVERN: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
METANG: [IMPACT]
CLEMONT:
The Supersonic's working!
ASH: All right, use Acrobatics!
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
ALAIN: Quick, Psyshock!
METANG: [PSYSHOCK MOVE]
NOIVERN: [SURPRISED] [IMPACT]
NOIVERN: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Now Meteor Mash!
METANG: [METEOR MASH MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, QUICK!
NOIVERN: [DODGING]
ASH: Boomburst, go!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
METANG: [FLIPPING]
METANG: [IRRITATED]
ALAIN: All right, Metal Claw!
ASH: Use Acrobatics!
METANG: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
ASH/PIKACHU: [SHIELDING]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
NOIVERN: [STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT:
Noivern is unable to battle!
CLEMONT: (OFF) Metang wins!
ASH: Noivern, are you okay?!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
NOIVERN: [WAKING]
ASH: Awesome.
No doubt this battle will make
you even stronger!
NOIVERN: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Noivern battled
really well against a whole
lot of power!
BONNIE: You're right.
Noivern was so good!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
ALAIN: A little bit more time
and we would've been beaten.
METANG: [AGREEMENT]
ASH/CLEMONT/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING]
NURSE JOY: Ash? Clemont?
I'm happy to report your
Pokémon are now fully recovered!
ALAIN: So that
will tell you something?
CLEMONT: I think that the
phenomenon between Ash and
Greninja is psychological. In
other words, I think the changes
occur when their mental
and emotional states are
truly in sync.
ALAIN: Truly in sync.
ASH: We're all ready here!
Let's do this!
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ALAIN: Charizard, let's go!
CHARIZARD: [ROARING]
CLEMONT: All right,
we're all set. Battlebegin!
ASH: 'Kay, l go first.
Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ALAIN: Move in, Charizard!
Dragon Claw, GO!
CHARIZARD:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE] [DODGING]
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Metang!"
ASH: Double Team, let's go!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
Knock them down!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Now use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [IMPACT]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Way to go, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [ACKNOWLEDGING]
CHARIZARD: [SUGGESTING]
ALAIN: Yes, it's only right to
use the massive power we possess
to face them in battle.
ALAIN: Respond to my heart Key
Stone! Beyond Evolution!
Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD: [MEGA EVOLVING]
M CHARIZARD: [ROARING]
ASH: Yeah
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
ALAIN: All right. Let's see
if we can trigger that change.
Charizard, use Thunder Punch.
M CHARIZARD:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
ASH: Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
M CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
SERENA: Look at that
BONNIE: Anything, Clemont?
CLEMONT: I'm not
seeing any changes yet
ASH: Now, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ALAIN: Grab it!
M CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
ALAIN: Now, Flamethrower!
M CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
GRENINJA: [SURPRISED]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ALAIN: Next, Thunder Punch!
M CHARIZARD:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
ASH: Use Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
M CHARIZARD:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
GRENINJA: [PAINED] [IMPACT]
ASH: Greninja?
You can still battle, right?
M CHARIZARD: [DETERMINED]
GRENINJA: [PAINED EXERTION]
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Yeah, that's the spirit!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
CLEMONT: It's starting to
happen. There's the overlap!
SERENA: Clemont!
What does it mean?
CLEMONT: They're
beginning synchronization!
ASH: Gotta get strong.
STRONG! Let's go!!
ASH/GRENINJA: [YELLING]
CLEMONT: Totally in sync!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SERENA: It started!
BONNIE/DEDENNE: All right!
CLEMONT: So that means my
hypothesis is correct! In order
for the change to take effect,
Ash and Greninja's emotions
must be in sync!
ASH: Greninja Let's go!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
M CHARIZARD: [THREATENING]
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE PREP]
ALAIN: Heads up
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ALAIN: Dodge it!
M CHARIZARD: [DODGING]
ALAIN: Flamethrower, let's go!
M CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ASH: All right! Aerial Ace!
ALAIN: Intercept it.
Use Thunder Punch!
M CHARIZARD:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
ASH: Now go!
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
M CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Oh yes! This...This
is what I've been waiting for!
ALAIN: Can you feel it like
I can? Can you feel all their
incredible power yet?!
M CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: All right, let's
really ramp it up. Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ALAIN: Dragon Claw, go!
M CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
GRENINJA/ M CHARIZARD:
[STRUGGLING]
M CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
GRENINJA: [IMPACT]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Use Cut one more time!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
M CHARIZARD: [ROARING]
ALAIN: Charizard!
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: What's wrong with Ash?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: [huh REACTS]
CLEMONT: The graph! It seems
Ash and Greninja's battle pulses
are separating!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: What does that mean?
ASH: What's happening?
ASH: II can't move...What What's
going on?
ASH: What
SERENA: Ash, NO!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
CLEMONT: Ash!!
GRENINJA: [STRICKEN]
SERENA: Ash! Ash!
ASH: Greninja... What's happened
to us? I can't move...
Wait! Don't go,
Greninja! Greninja!!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA: He's waking up!
BONNIE: Hey, Ash!
CLEMONT: Ash, are you all right?
SERENA: Thank goodness.
You had me so worried!
ASH: Uh, sorry.
ALAIN: You should take it
easy for the rest of the day.
ASH: Sorry I
messed up our battle...
ALAIN: Don't worry about it.
ASH: You know I couldn't
move, no matter what I did.
CLEMONT: Synchronizing
to that degree can put a heavy
load on a Trainer.
ALAIN:
That doesn't surprise me at all.
ALAIN: I've never witnessed that
kind of raw power before...
ASH: But why
couldn't I move my body?
ASH: Alain! If we can
learn to control that power,
I want to battle again!
ALAIN: The reality is our
battle hasn't been decided yet.
ASH: I'll train hard and get
strong enough to beat you and
then I'll win the
Kalos League! I'll be a
Pokémon Master someday!
ALAIN: Really. Kalos League?
BONNIE: You're gonna
enter, too, right, Alain?
ALAIN: I'm not. Not really.
ASH: Why not? All of the
strongest Pokémon and Trainers
in the entire Kalos
region are gonna be there!
ASH: I'm so psyched!
ALAIN: It sounds like fun.
ALAIN: Everything's
fine here. I'll keep researching
Mega Evolution and
FLARE GRUNT: Hold on.
FLARE GRUNT: A new video
from Lysandre has just arrived.
MAIRIN: Hi, Alain!
I got good news!
CHARIZARD: [QUESTIONING]
MAIRIN: Chespie's spines
just moved a little while ago!
MAIRIN:
Not a whole lot, but they did!
I thought you'd want to know.
MAIRIN: Everything's
fine here. Bye! Good luck!
FLARE GRUNT: That's all,
continue with your mission.
ALAIN: So how did you
like the battle with Ash?
CHARIZARD: [ENTHUSIASTIC]
ALAIN: It really brought me
back...Thinking about my time
with the professor...
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Let's get stronger, too.
ALAIN: If we don't...then we
can't protect the ones we love.
ASH: I'm gonna become Greninja!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: I just mean I'm gonna
get really strong! Until now,
I thought about getting my
Pokémon strong. Now it's my turn
to get strong, too.
I've gotta do it. No doubt!
ASH: Like Olympia
said...Greninja and I are gonna
reach new heights
of power together!
Whaddaya say we
do what she says?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT:
That sounds like you, all right!
ASH: I'll need lots of energy!
It's marathon time!
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: We'll all do it together!
ASH: Okay everybody, let's go!
HAWLUCHA/NOIVERN/TALONFLAME:
[ENTHUSIASTIC]
SERENA: Hey. Wait for me!
BONNIE: Come on, Clemont, hurry!
CLEMONT: You're not serious!
Wait! Not so fast! Come on.
NARRATOR: Will Ash really be
able to become like Greninja?
This special training
is only the beginning.
With Ash's Snowbelle Gym battle
just ahead, the challenge,
and the journey, continues!